feat: dotnet profiling docs (#8862)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/dotnet/profiling-onboarding/dotnet/0.alert.md

---
name: .NET
doc_link: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dotnet/profiling/
support_level: alpha
type: language
---

<div class='alert warning'>

> Profiling in .NET is currently available in alpha for .NET 6.0+ on Windows, Linux, macOS, iOS and macCatalyst.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiling in .NET is currently available in alpha for .NET 6.0+ on Windows, Linux, macOS, iOS and Mac Catalyst.
```
